TELCODOCS-1861: Lifecycle Agent Enhancements 4.17 (#80111)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ztp-image-based-upgrade-prep-oadp.adoc

====
--

. Create a `kustomization.yaml` with the following content:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

configMapGenerator: <1>
- files:
  - source-crs/ibu/PlatformBackupRestore.yaml
  #- source-crs/custom-crs/ApplicationClusterScopedBackupRestore.yaml
  #- source-crs/custom-crs/ApplicationApplicationBackupRestoreLso.yaml
  name: oadp-cm

>   namespace: ztp-group

Reviewer: Add a note for this field. Even though the cm is generated on the hub, for IBGU to copy it to the spoke, the ns must also exist on all the spokes

====
--

. Create a `kustomization.yaml` with the following content:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

configMapGenerator: <1>
- files:
  - source-crs/ibu/PlatformBackupRestore.yaml
  #- source-crs/custom-crs/ApplicationClusterScopedBackupRestore.yaml
  #- source-crs/custom-crs/ApplicationApplicationBackupRestoreLso.yaml
  name: oadp-cm

>   namespace: ztp-group <2>

Reviewer: let's use openshift-adp instead. ztp-group typically only exists on hub

generatorOptions:
  disableNameSuffixHash: true
----
<1> Creates the `oadp-cm` `ConfigMap` object on the hub cluster with `Backup` and `Restore` CRs.

> <2> The namespace must exist on all managed clusters to copy the OADP `ConfigMap` to the clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> The namespace must exist on all managed clusters and the hub for the OADP `ConfigMap` to be generated as well as copied to the clusters.
```

====
--

. Create a `kustomization.yaml` with the following content:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

configMapGenerator: <1>
- files:

>   - source-crs/ibu/PlatformBackupRestore.yaml

Reviewer: We added another version of this file for IBGU. Use `PlatformBackupRestoreWithIBGU.yaml` in the example and add a note for the case where IBU is performed on spokes directly, for which the original should be used.

Author: @jc-rh This was only added to the repository yesterday, right? I checked if there was an IBGU-specific Backup CR but I couldn't find it.

Please note that any further comments will be added post GA.

====
--

> . Create the `oadp-cm` `ConfigMap` object through the `oadp-cm-policy` in a new `PolicyGenTemplate` called `ibu-upgrade-ranGen.yaml`:

Author: I clarified with SME. That is a different PGT that already exists for deployed clusters. I clarified that this is the "site PGT": https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/80111/files#diff-167dab8086235c7914beba4b5d8c8503254aaead806ab0d2d83730e3538c029f

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: kustomize.config.k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Kustomization

> configMapGenerator: <1>

Reviewer 2: Interesting, I did not know this guidance existed. I've not known it to break anything but adding the syntax to a YAML Linter might show errors. No harm in adding the hash symbol as Max stated based on that's it's supported here: https://docs.asciidoctor.org/asciidoc/latest/verbatim/callouts/

- files:
  - source-crs/ibu/PlatformBackupRestoreWithIBGU.yaml
  #- source-crs/custom-crs/ApplicationClusterScopedBackupRestore.yaml
  #- source-crs/custom-crs/ApplicationApplicationBackupRestoreLso.yaml
  name: oadp-cm
  namespace: openshift-adp <2>
generatorOptions:
  disableNameSuffixHash: true
----
<1> Creates the `oadp-cm` `ConfigMap` object on the hub cluster with `Backup` and `Restore` CRs.

> <2> The namespace must exist on all managed clusters and the hub for the OADP `ConfigMap` to be generated and copied to the clusters.

Reviewer 2: I agree.

      namespace: openshift-adp
----

> . Create a `kustomization.yaml` with the following content:

Reviewer: Also remove the section above about ibu-upgrade-ranGen.yaml

> . Create a `kustomization.yaml` with the following content:

Author: @jc-rh Updated, PTAL

> . Create a `kustomization.yaml` with the following content:

Reviewer: LGTM
